Signals + Queries + other updates for App Dev Guide (#1105)
temporalio/documentation: docs/java/how-to-send-a-signal-with-start-in-java.md

---
id: how-to-send-a-signal-with-start-in-java
title: How to send a Signal-with-Start in Java
sidebar_label: Signal with Start
description: To send Signals to a Workflow Execution whose status is unknown, use `SignalWithStart` with a `WorkflowStub` in the Client code.
tags:
  - java
  - developer-guide
---

To send Signals to a Workflow Execution whose status is unknown, use `SignalWithStart` with a `WorkflowStub` in the Client code.
This method ensures that if the Workflow Execution is in a closed state, a new Workflow Execution is spawned and the Signal is delivered to the running Workflow Execution.

Note that when the `SignalwithStart` spawns a new Workflow Execution, the Signal is delivered before the call to your `@WorkflowMethod`.

> This means that in your Signal handler in your Workflow interface code will execute before the `@WorkfowMethod`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the Signal handler in your Workflow interface code executes before the `@WorkfowMethod`.
```
